#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile backend/requirements.in
#
aldryn-addons==2.0.1
    # via aldryn-sso
aldryn-apphooks-config==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-blog
aldryn-boilerplates==0.8.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-forms
aldryn-common==1.0.5
    # via aldryn-search
aldryn-forms==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin==1.0.0.2
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
aldryn-search==1.1.0
    # via djangocms-algolia
aldryn-sso==2.0.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
algoliasearch==2.5.0
    # via algoliasearch-django
algoliasearch-django==2.0.0
    # via djangocms-algolia
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via djangocms-algolia
boto3==1.18.27
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
botocore==1.21.27
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via premailer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via pyjwt
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via premailer
decorator==5.0.9
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django==3.1.13
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-addons
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   django-absolute
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-adminutils
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-csp
    #   django-emailit
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-logentry-admin
    #   django-modeladmin-reorder
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-settings-export
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   django-sizefield
    #   django-standard-form
    #   django-storage-url
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-taggit-templatetags
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-username-email
    #   djangocms-algolia
    #   djangocms-helpers
    #   djangocms-light-gallery
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-socialshare
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   webservices
django-absolute==0.3
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   django-emailit
django-admin-sortable2==1.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-adminutils==0.0.10
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-allauth==0.45.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-search
django-appdata==0.3.2
    # via aldryn-apphooks-config
django-classy-tags==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-standard-form
django-cms==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
    #   djangocms-algolia
    #   djangocms-apphook-setup
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-history
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-light-gallery
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-modules
    #   djangocms-page-meta
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-redirect
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-socialshare
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via django-hijack-admin
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-emailit==0.2.4
    # via aldryn-forms
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-fieldsignals==0.7.0
    # via djangocms-helpers
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-light-gallery
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-page-meta
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-formtools==2.3
    # via django-cms
django-getenv==1.3.2
    # via aldryn-addons
django-google-tag-manager==0.0.5
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-haystack==3.0
    # via aldryn-search
django-hijack==3.0.0
    # via django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.10
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-import-export==2.5.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-logentry-admin==1.1.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-meta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-helpers
    #   djangocms-page-meta
django-modeladmin-reorder==0.3.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-mptt==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   django-filer
django-object-actions==3.0.2
    # via django-adminutils
django-parler==2.2
    # via djangocms-blog
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-filer
django-recaptcha3==0.4.0
    # via aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin
django-robots==4.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
    #   djangocms-light-gallery
django-settings-export==1.2.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-simple-sso==1.1.0
    # via aldryn-sso
django-sizefield==1.0.0
    # via aldryn-forms
django-solo==1.1.5
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-sortedm2m==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-common
    #   djangocms-blog
django-spurl==0.6.7
    # via aldryn-search
django-standard-form==1.1.1
    # via
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-algolia
django-storage-url==0.6.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via django-storage-url
django-tablib==3.2
    # via aldryn-forms
django-taggit==1.5.1
    # via
    #   django-taggit-autosuggest
    #   django-taggit-templatetags
    #   djangocms-blog
django-taggit-autosuggest==0.3.8
    # via djangocms-blog
django-taggit-templatetags==0.2.5
    # via djangocms-blog
django-templatetag-sugar==1.0
    # via django-taggit-templatetags
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-video
django-username-email==2.4.2
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.8
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   django-cms
djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates==1.0.0.2
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-algolia==1.5.0.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-apphook-setup==0.4.1
    # via djangocms-blog
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-blog==1.2.3
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-bootstrap4==2.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-file==3.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-googlemap==2.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-helpers==2.2.2.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-history==2.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-light-gallery==1.1.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-link==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link-all==0.6.1.2
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-modules==1.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-page-meta==1.0.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-picture==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-redirect==0.6.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-snippet==3.0.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-socialshare==1.0.0.4
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-video/archive/refs/heads/master.zip#egg=djangocms-video
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-light-gallery
    #   djangocms-picture
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   aldryn-sso
    #   django-storage-url
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
idna==3.2
    # via requests
ipython==7.26.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
itsdangerous==0.24
    # via
    #   aldryn-sso
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   webservices
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsons==1.5.0
    # via djangocms-link-all
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   premailer
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r backend/requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
premailer==3.10.0
    # via django-emailit
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via ipython
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via django-allauth
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangocms-blog
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via tablib
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   algoliasearch
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-recaptcha3
    #   premailer
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   webservices
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-allauth
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.3.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   django-adminutils
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-compat
    #   django-meta
    #   django-spurl
    #   django-tablib
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-tablib
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==1.2.1
    # via pep517
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typish==1.9.3
    # via jsons
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via django-filer
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
urlobject==2.4.3
    # via django-spurl
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
webservices[django]==0.7
    # via django-simple-sso
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r backend/requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
yurl==1.0.0
    # via aldryn-boilerplates

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
